Update UG according to Prakash's suggestion (#210)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-W10-4/tp: docs/index.md

---
layout: page title: ModtRekt
---

[![CI Status](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-W10-4/tp/workflows/Java%20CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-W10-4/tp/actions)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/AY2223S1-CS2103T-W10-4/tp/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=RSDSWGQ5BC)](https://codecov.io/gh/AY2223S1-CS2103T-W10-4/tp)

![Ui](images/Ui.png)

> **What is it?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**What is ModtRekt?**
```

ModtRekt is a desktop app created for NUS students to have a faster and more organised way to **manage their modules and
tasks**. It ensures that you would **never forget another task or miss another deadline**. This way you can focus on
learning and not be sidetracked by unexpected tasks that you forget. Modtrekt is optimized for use via a Command Line
Interface (CLI) for **faster navigation** and input whilst still having the benefits of a Graphical User Interface (GUI)
.

**To learn more**

* If you are interested in using ModtRekt, head over to the [_Quick Start_ section of the **User
  Guide**](UserGuide.html#quick-start).

> * If you are interested about developing ModtRekt, the [**Developer Guide**](DeveloperGuide.html) is a good place to
>   start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you are interested in contributing to the development of ModtRekt, the [**Developer Guide**](DeveloperGuide.html) is a good place to start.
```
